# Car_Parking
Efficient Smart Parking System Based on Nearest Slot in the Nearest Parking Location. 
Two datasets are used in the experiment method: one is for parking, and the other is for license plates. The parking dataset is manually created for the parking area at Islamia College Peshawar. The total number of collected full images is 11. It also included eight images of sunny conditions, while three showed rainy weather conditions. Each image has 1920x1080 dimensions. The slot areas are cropped with every image: a total of 212 off in sunny conditions and 59 slot images in rainy conditions; a combination of both becomes a total of 272 slot images, which involve empty and occupied. Hence, when observed, the dataset is imbalanced, and another low ratio becomes slot images. So, we used two techniques, histogram equalization and augmentation, further mentioned reason for uses in the next section. Table 1 reveals the number of images in individual classes and total. Another dataset license plate has 300 hundred images. It is downloaded from the internet.

In the experiment, Vgg16, Resnet50, Xception, Lenet, Alexnet, and MobileNet models are pre-trained on the proposed parking dataset, while also a proposed CNN model, the mobile application, is developed for end-users to request parking services. Behind this application, a merge sort algorithm is used to sort the found distance list. Finally, the trained model will be validated on the CNR-EXT and PkLot datasets to estimate the model generalization performance.
